Father calm down
Daughter-in-law dare not
Daughter-in-law just wait
What is this?
The nine-turn order taken by Prime Minister Qiao Supreme Emperor every day
Can the princess take a look again?
The emperor participated in the killing of several buildings in this Nine Revolutions Pill
If it is all heavy, you will die on the spot.
Father Emperor must be someone who wants to poison Emperor Grandfather with this
When the daughter-in-law enters the deed
I found that the emperor's grandfather did not like to have
Presumably ate half and threw half away
This is the severe blackout
Wasn't the Nine Revolutions Pill refined by the Ether Hospital?
The emperor sees the medicine sent by the hospital
Have been heavily inspected
It's non-toxic.
Fu Guangzhiyao knew there was a problem at a glance
Too many people in the hospital
It is inconvenient to keep more
I'm afraid the person who changed the medicine
Kill at the Nitrate Cloud Palace
Immediately seize Tai Hospital
Check carefully today
The people who clean their bodies and serve the Supreme Emperor have called me
I want to see who has the courage to do so